# Connecting_IoT_to_AutoML
One of the most common complaints for Data Science &amp; AI in general is that time to implementation for any practical business application is long and arduous. Among others, this is often due to reasons such as the lack of valuable &amp; correctly pre-processed data for modeling, the need for connectivity between the source of the data and the predictive model, and the lengthy steps of model selection, through hyperparameter tuning &amp; validation. This is no different in the context of manufacturing, where a diverse array of machines, widgets, locations &amp; often low fault tolerances result in the need for customized models that cannot be cost effectively developed through traditional means. This project’s goal will therefore be showcasing how low cost IoT devices &amp; sensors can be combined with cloud computing storage and AutoML packages to very quickly produce powerful machine learning algorithms for manufacturing at scale. The goal of this project is not however, to produce the best classifier model possible on the manufacturing dataset which is used to showcase the final AutoML portion. 


Please note the intention of this repo is not to allow users to replicate this project. As the name suggests, this project requires specific components of hardware (Raspberry Pi, Sunfounder Sensors), and proprietary python scripts related to the sensor vendors. However the scripts written personally are made avaiable to give a sense of realism to the project. The AutoML portion could be run in isolation as it is using an open source dataset which I've made available here as well.
